// Compost colors for dtphc2. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
almond_seed, #fffff1
apricot_seed, #ffffff
avocado_seed, #ffffff
banana_seed, #ddf0c3
breadfruit_seed, #ffffff
candlenut_seed, #ffffff
cashew_seed, #ffffca
cherry_seed, #fffffe
chestnut_seed, #d9cd9d
cinnamon_seed, #ffffff
coconut_seed, #e0d3c5
date_seed, #ffffff
dragon_fruit_seed, #ffffff
durian_seed, #ffffff
fig_seed, #ffffff
gooseberry_seed, #ffffff
grapefruit_seed, #ffffff
guava_seed, #ffffff
hazelnut_seed, #fffec5
jackfruit_seed, #ffffff
lemon_seed, #ffffff
lime_seed, #ffffff
lychee_seed, #ffffff
mango_seed, #ffffff
maple_seed, #d4c0b9
nutmeg_seed, #ffffe8
olive_seed, #fffffb
orange_seed, #ffffff
papaya_seed, #ffffff
paperbark_seed, #ffffff
passion_fruit_vine, #a5a5a5
pawpaw_seed, #ffffff
peach_seed, #ffffff
pear_seed, #ffffff
pecan_seed, #fffccd
peppercorn_vine, #ffffff
persimmon_seed, #ebded9
pinenut_seed, #fff1d3
pistachio_seed, #ffffff
plum_seed, #ffffff
pomegranate_seed, #ffffff
rambutan_seed, #ffffff
ripe_peppercorn_item, #ffffff
soursop_seed, #ffffff
spiderweb_seed, #ffffff
starfruit_seed, #fffef8
tamarind_seed, #ffffff
vanilla_vine, #bcbcbc
walnut_seed, #ffffff
