// Compost colors for reddensstonelantern. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
big_stone_lantern_base, #ffffff
big_stone_lantern_block_dark, #ffffff
big_stone_lantern_top_dark, #ffffff
big_stone_lantern_top_light, #ffffff
bigger_stone_lantern_block_d, #ffffff
broad_stone_lantern_block_dark, #ffffff
broad_stone_lantern_top_dark, #ffffff
broad_stone_lantern_top_light, #ffffff
medium_stone_lantern_top_dark, #ffffff
medium_stone_lantern_top_light, #ffffff
mid_stone_lantern_block_dark, #ffffff
mini_stone_lantern_dark, #ffffff
mininoproof_stone_lantern_dark, #ffffff
small_stone_lantern_dark, #ffffff
smallfoot_stone_lantern_dark, #ffffff
smallnoproof_stone_lantern_dark, #ffffff
smallproof_stone_lantern_dark, #ffffff
stone_pillar_big_bottom, #ffffff
stone_pillar_big_middle, #ffffff
stone_pillar_big_top, #ffffff
stone_pillar_bigger_bottom, #ffffff
stone_pillar_bigger_middle, #ffffff
stone_pillar_bigger_top, #ffffff
stone_pillar_mid_bottom, #ffffff
stone_pillar_mid_middle, #ffffff
stone_pillar_mid_top, #ffffff
stone_pillar_thin_a_bottom, #ffffff
stone_pillar_thin_a_top, #ffffff
stone_pillar_thin_b_bottom, #ffffff
stone_pillar_thin_b_top, #ffffff
stone_pillar_thin_c_bottom, #ffffff
stone_pillar_thin_c_middle, #ffffff
stone_pillar_thin_c_top, #ffffff
thin_stone_lantern_block_dark, #ffffff
thin_stone_lantern_top_dark, #ffffff
thin_stone_lantern_top_light, #ffffff
